>> Kyle Simpson: One more
set of pain to point out.
This is how we model classes.
I'm not gonna diagram this,
cuz the diagram's coming in just a moment.
But we have our Foo.prototype.
If we wanna make a child class,
we wanna make a bar that points to it.
But the Bar.prototype that comes
with the Bar function on line 8,
where does it link?
It links here like all functions do.
And where would we want
Bar.prototype to link?
We'd want it to link to Foo.prototype,
right?
>> Kyle Simpson: So what do we gotta do?
We do line 12.
Line 12 is using a utility
called Object.create.
Now, I just pulled that
rabbit out of thin air,
you're like where does that come from?
That's a built-in utility in ES5 so
way, way back.
But here are the two things
that Object.create does and
tell me if this sounds familiar.
The first thing Object.create does, create
a brand new empty object out of thin air.
The second thing Object.create does,
link it to another object.
Does that sound familiar?
>> Speaker 2: Mm-hm.
>> Kyle Simpson: It's almost like it's
the first two steps of the new algorithm.
Which it is,
because those are the only two steps
that we actually care about here.
We wanna create an object and
link it to another object.
And that's exactly what that utility does.
So we now use that newly created linked
object as the prototype for Bar.
That's what we do on line 12.
So now we can start
adding the Bar.prototype.
We can add a speak method.
So now we've got an object down here
that's got a speak method then the speak
method can delegate up
to the identify method.
Still falls apart if you use shadowing.
But at least we have some way of
approximating something that kinda looks
like a class.
>> Kyle Simpson: There's a takeaway from
this slide that's gonna set us up for
our further discussions in this unit.
There's a b1 object there,
everybody can agree with that, right?
Where's b1 linked?
It's linked to Bar.prototype, isn't it?
Bar.prototype is an object.
Where's Bar.prototype linked?
>> Speaker 2: Foo.prototype?
>> Kyle Simpson: Foo.prototype
is an object.
>> Kyle Simpson: I don't know
know who to credit this to, but
I've heard it said many times.
There's a beautiful program hiding
inside of this ugly program.
The beautiful program in this ugly program
is there's an object linked to another
object, which is linked to another object.
And we get that prototype delegation and
that super unicorn magic.
That's an amazing system.
And it still blows my mind that
Brenden Ike was able to create all of this
that we've seen over this unit
[LAUGH] in the first ten days.
I couldn't create this if I was given
four years and he did it in ten days.
But the problem with this program is that
it's cluttered by all of this other crap.
All of these functions and
.prototype references, and new keywords,
all of this incidental complexity,
that's what it's called.
There's incidental complexity
that is making this program,
instead of being nice, and clean, and
simple, much harder to understand.